Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to change the name of our collection.
And the reason for this is because we are basically going to have the type of users that is the customers
and the seller.
So what we can do, we can have two type of collections over here.
One is going to be for just the customers and the other is going to be for just the sellers.
Okay, so what we can do, we can just delete this collection.
And use this.
Yet.
Now we can delete and we have to do some change on our code back to voice code.
And the first change we have to do is to.
Okay.
The controller within the controllers territory.
And this is not going to be uses, but the name of the collection is going to be called customers.
Customers.
Okay, great.
And we also have to make this change.
And before then we can just use control and save.
And we have to make this change in the profile screen.
The profile screen where we are fetching our data.
And over.
Yes.
So this is going to be Easton's data collection.
And we basically want to fetch from where the customer's collection is necessary.
And you can see why just been successfully deleted.
And we definitely need to create an account.
But before we create another account, we are going to have some extra fields over.
Okay.
The controller.
What's controller over?
Yeah.
We also had the address of the user, but for now we are going to make it empty.
Okay.
Address.
Because we definitely need the address of the user to tell where the product is going to be shipped
to.
And for now we can leave it empty and have your newcomer and the other feed we are going to have is
the UID of the user.
So via we can just make this the first item and we can call this customer ID.
Or you can just use c ID.
That is customer ID and for the customer ID is going to be the idea of the user and remember why we
created the variable.
Called Creed and it also has access to the UID.
So what we can just do, we can then say create.
Creed.
That's.
User.
What?
Uid and over here we need a not check.
And over here we need a comma.
Okay, great.
So basically we have one, two, three, four, five, five fields later in the future, we're going
to be able to have address to this over here.
But for the now it is currently empty.
In the future, users will be able to update the address.
Okay.
And we can then try this out.
I'm going to sign up.
And I'm going to pick a photo.
And I'm going to pick this beautiful lady over there.
And this is a girl I'm going to call her Joy.
Joy McCauley Hopefully she get married to me and for the email I'm just going to use joy email.
It's calm and for the password is a YMC.
I'm just going to be sure it is correct.
Okay.
And now we have to click on Sign Up.
It's already in use.
I think I already have that.
Remember, we also do have some emails over here.
Right.
So that is where the hero is coming from.
That is the authentication tab.
Basically, when you create an account is is going to get saved here or is going to get stored here.
What we are basically doing after storing the data here, we basically needed to store it on our cloud
store database.
So we also need to delete it where you can see it.
So I'm going to delete it.
Delete accounts.
And hopefully we can then create a new one.
Okay.
Sign up.
And.
This.
Who's going to say Joy?
Famous.
And the past.
The image is going to be joy.
Jimmy.
Com calm and the password is b.j. see?
Sign up.
Hopefully not harass.
He was going to check if the password is correct.
It is correct.
And we have to wait for this debate and back to the fat store database.
Okay.
It has been successfully created.
You can see now we have this collection called customers and I think we have to use this.
Is that coming from?
Okay.
Joy.
Archie Miller, this column is going to delete one.
I think it was a mistake.
Some of the lead is the lead.
The leaked documents.
Okay.
And now we have justice.
And let's see if we can log into the accounts to make sure all is working correctly.
Joy at Gmail dot com.
Jimmy did come.
And the MSC makes sure it is correct and log in.
Okay.
So it was good.
And let's go to the profile to see.
Just walk in.
Correct.
Joy famous and the email address you can see and later you can see we have this address.
In the future, users will be able to update the address.
And currently we made it empty.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.